Policy Analyst (Consumer Response)The following are the duties of this position at the CN-52, broadly equivalent to the GS-12. If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform all these duties, and will receive training to help you grow in this position.* Conducts research on trends and issues affecting consumers using various analytical methods, identifies potential problems that consumers are facing and gaps in policies, and provides suggestions to management about potential solutions;* Drafts written materials, such as public complaint reports, evaluated information, and similar products tailored for the public, senior staff, policymakers and other audiences, and oral communication with variety of audiences, including senior management;* Supports the clearance process for complaint publications, including both reports that are authored by Consumer Response staff and reports authored by other staff from other Bureau offices;* Maintains knowledge of analytical tools (e.g., Tableau, R, Python) and statistical models (particularly regression modeling) to coordinate with other sections working on original research;* Interprets basic economic, social, and financial product research on issues affecting financial decision-making of consumers and synthesizes the results of research to agency senior staff, other policymakers, and the public. Applies research to consumer complaint analyses.Agricultural EconomistDuties* Uses standard software and statistical methods/techniques to conduct economic analyses.* Assembles and manages appropriate data, developing tables, charts and graphics in the assigned area work.* Gathers and organizes data in a timely manner under limited direction.* Receives guidance in drafting written documents such as newsletters, reports and/or articles and drafts are reviewed by senior staff.Social Science Student TraineeDuties* Provide support in the collection, preparation, and analysis of data to improve the estimation of BEA's regional statistics.* Help produce components of larger projects that detail the regional distribution of U.S. economic activity at the state, metropolitan area and/or county level.* Collect, compile, and manipulate economic data using various statistical or econometric techniques.* Analyze data and identify patterns and anomalies.* Communicate in writing and in person about economic statistics, concepts, and statistical procedures as part of a collaborative work process.Research Assistant - Education StatisticsResponsibilitiesThe responsibilities for the position include:* Perform quality control reviews of statistical content, statistical tables, graphics, and text * Assist staff in the review, identification and development of scholarly information describing research findings * Participate in the collection, analysis, and review of research and evaluation data * Collaborate in a study team to analyze quantitative and/or qualitative research data and contribute to the reporting and interpretation of results * Provide new business and proposal development support by engaging in such tasks as researching funding opportunities, conducting literature reviews, writing proposal sections, etc. Data AnalystWe are searching for an Education Data Analyst to join our company for this exciting opportunity to get immersed in all phases of a large federal data collection that provides extensive information on educational programs and services. In this position, you will support client’s cloud analytics and data management team by implementing, interpreting, and reporting on data analytics tasks for large U.S. Department of Education data management efforts.Ideal CandidateWe are looking for someone with a passion for learning new skills, working with the latest technologies, and implementing industry best practices. We value innovation and creativity and want people who will propose solutions for problems we did not realize we had. Our team is an open, collaborative environment, and we want people to join us who enjoy working with, teaching, and learning from others.Our Most Successful Data Analysts Do The Following*  Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. You like working on multiple projects simultaneously that require attention to detail and producing quality work. You remain flexible and adaptable in the face of challenges.*  Believe in the power of data. You know that quality data in all forms can be valuable in education and support clients in using it more effectively to serve students.*  Embrace multiple perspectives. You value diversity of thought and aim to see a challenge through multiple points of view.*  Welcome complexity. You like thinking through problems and work to provide creative, strategic solutions to complex challenges.*  Engage in teamwork. You work collaboratively with team members to plan, carry out, and report on analytic activities. You are willing to step in to support colleagues as needed, and you also proactively ask for help from teammates in order to ensure success.*  Communicate effectively with a variety of stakeholders. You are comfortable developing written reports and sharing information with a variety of audiences and enjoy working with educators, state education agency staff members, and other experts in the field.*  Ask questions. You seek to understand first, and you do not shy away from questioning the status quo.*  Build relationships. Our success hinges on the relationships we build within and across project teams, with clients, and with stakeholder groups. As a Data Analyst, you’ll have the opportunity to work with a wide range education data and relevant stakeholders including U.S. Department of Education, state departments of education, local school systems, content experts, and partners.*  Offer creative solutions. We know there is not one way to do anything, and we value your input into how to improve processes, provide greater value to the client, and evolve over time.About The RoleThe data analyst in this position will support a variety of data management functions. Activities will include problem solving, cleaning and analyzing large administrative datasets, adapting and creating code for detecting data quality errors, developing clear and concise documentation, presenting findings to the broader team, analyzing data according to requirements and developing output that facilitates data use and research. The data analyst must be comfortable working in Excel and have some experience with a statistical coding language (e.g., SAS, R or STATA). You will apply understanding of industry data lifecycle and data management methods, including data governance frameworks to hands on data preparation and analytics product implementation.Analyst, Data & AnalyticsJob Summary:Targeted Victory is looking for an analyst that is interested in data and analytics. This will require assisting the lead in the creation of new data-driven approaches for the purpose of generating actionable insights through data analytics and information visualization. These insights will help inform and drive decisions for our client teams, product teams and larger company goals. This position requires a self-starter mentality, a natural curiosity and comfort working in a fast-paced work environment.Key Responsibilities:* Ability to summarize and present data* Ability to handle new tasks with critical thinking* Work closely with the Strategy team to develop how Targeted Victory should approach and improve current data-centric decision making* Generate insights that drive decisions for Client Strategy teams and Product teams (Ads, Email,Fundraising, Prospecting etc.)Junior Data AnalystDuties and Responsibilities: The Junior Data Analyst will support the data management division's efforts to analyze the compliance data warehouse infrastructure. Analyst will perform general data manipulation (ETL) using Python, R, etc. to parse application logs for further data analytics and reporting/dashboards in support of IRS cybersecurity efforts.* Leverage skills and experience to integrate new data to speed adoption of data-driven solutions* Expand skills with emerging technologies to accelerate innovation, drive efficiencies and unlock greater value from data.Data AnalystDavis Laine is seeking a Data Analyst to join an exciting and growing woman-owned Marketing firm in the Northern VA area. Qualified candidates will have at least 2 years of professional experience in the gathering, cleansing, and visualization of business data, are excellent communicators (written and oral), and strong team-players. This is a permanent position offering a good base, bonus potential, career growth and excellent benefits.Junior AnalystThe Jr. Analyst will support the coordination and execution of projects with clients in the Federal government, especially those requiring quantitative analytical support of natural disasters and national security issues.Responsibilities:* * Support the coordination and execution of projects requiring quantitative analytical support (e.g., quantitative and qualitative analyses, data manipulation, simple visualizations, etc.)* Work closely with RS21 analysts, Project Managers, and clients to execute project tasks, complete project deliverables, conduct research and write proposals* Provide project and programmatic support (i.e., action item tracking, agenda development, facilitation, stakeholder coordination) to SMEs and working group discussions* Develop ideas and conduct concept exploration and design to enhance the government's ability to contextualize, analyze, and visualize risk insights* Support the full lifecycle of quantitative assessment development including scoping, data gathering, analysis, content creation and review, and key findings socialization* Design and build dashboards to measure, compare, and monitor select data* Collect, review, and analyze information in order to make recommendations to the Government* Assist with the execution of activities to update and implement recommendations* Define the nature and extent of problems and develop appropriate solutionsJunior Market Research AnalystHuman Made Machine is looking for a junior market research analyst to join our growing team. You will support delivering quantitative and qualitative research that gets under the skin of our clients’ business and marketing objectives. Research areas include but are not limited to deep and relevant consumer insight on behaviors, habits, sentiments, and preferences which will drive forward creative development, media strategy, planning, and optimization.Enabled by our in-house technology, we are uniquely positioned to create truly useful and accessible insights for our clients. We merge traditional qualitative research techniques with a quantitative assessment of users, allowing us to understand the underlying attitudes that drive behaviours.RESPONSIBILITIES* Meeting internal and external stakeholders to understand research needs.* Support the execution of projects and creation of high quality outputs, delivering against the agreed Client brief.* Use the appropriate tools and techniques to execute robust research as directed by your manager. Typically research will be a mixture of quantitative and qualitative analysis including:* Designing and commissioning surveys based on objectives, past performance and existing market knowledge* Using statistical techniques such as cluster analysis to identify groupings of users based on behavioral patterns* Consumer sentiment analysis for brands and their campaigns through the use of social insight tools and/or open-ended survey analysis* Managing the recruitment of panellists and assessing the quality of the respondent data to ensure a robust and representative sample* Analyse and interpret results to generate clear and robust audience insights.* Support the generation of reports.Data ScientistThe Data Scientist will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data to advance and enable the Department’s key mission outcomes. We prefer candidates with strong communication skills, knowledge and experience with fields related to data science, and a desire to learn more about new areas with applications to Data Science.Data scientist, JrResponsibilities:Working independently and collaboratively in a team, on strategic projects to develop complex data models and solutions.Analyzing, interpreting, and extracting data to support decision-making, engaging with customers to understand changing requirements, and recommending solutions based on quantitative analysis.Independently compiles and reviews often disparate and inconsistent data to address complex intelligence issues or problems for internal/external customers.May require constructing and performing complex statistical, mathematical, and data analysis independently, or in partnership with other data scientists or analysts.Provides recommendations for the development of tools and applications that improve process effectiveness and efficiency.Research analyst/associatePopulation Reference Bureau (PRB) is seeking a Research Analyst/Associate to serve as a staff member of PRB’s U.S. Programs Department. Using survey and administrative data from a variety of sources, the candidate will be responsible for compiling, analyzing, and reporting statistics on U.S. demographic, social, economic, and health issues. The successful candidate will have at least two years of research experience working with survey and administrative data, ideally on topics related to children and families, population aging, health, poverty and inequality, fertility, mortality, and/or migration. This position requires strong quantitative and organizational skills, attention to detail, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to balance working independently and on a team. The successful candidate will also have experience using GIS software.Primary ResponsibilitiesCompile and analyze data from a variety of secondary data sources, including the Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, decennial censuses, and population estimates and projections; health interview surveys; Vital Statistics; administrative records; and other sources.Use SAS and Excel software to produce, maintain, and analyze data tables on national, state, and local demographic, social, economic, and health trends in the United States.Use GIS software for spatial data processing and to design and develop maps for project deliverables and PRB web products.Conduct data checking and quality assurance on data products, web articles, and print publications.Create procedures to standardize data cleaning, processing, and management to maintain thorough data documentation.Research data quality and methodology issues and develop recommendations for new/alternative data sources to enhance PRB projects.Assist with project management tasks, including communicating with partners.Contribute to U.S. Program’s technical assistance and training programs by responding to requests for data or information about demographic topics, data sources, or GIS/data applications.Data Scientist, Jr.We have an opportunity for you to develop your analytical skills and establish your career in data science. You’ll join a rigorous training program that combines skills assessments, a comprehensive curriculum, functional mentorship, a capstone analytic challenge, and support to place you on your first data science project. You’ll learn how to write scripts to integrate data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends, apply machine learning to train predictive models, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers that inform decisions. You’ll learn how to develop, implement, and support the usage of data visualization, configuration, deployment and usage. Apply advanced consulting skills and extensive technical expertise in data visualization and storytelling, and possess a full industry knowledge of tools and techniques to support the development and delivery of impactful data models and data visualizations. Equipped with the foundational data science skills to accelerate your career, you’ll join a team and apply those skills to support our clients’ critical national security missions. Embrace the challenge and join us in driving change through data science.Research AssistantTypical responsibilities and duties:Conduct literature reviews on topics and synthesize material in the form of bibliographies, abstracts, reports, or other research products.Draft sections of research briefs or reports.Help prepare presentations for conferences or webinars.Complete fact and citation checks on journal articles, research reports, website content and other publications.Assist with survey design and administration.Support or lead qualitative data collection, such as interviews, focus groups (virtual during COVID-19).Recruit, consent, and follow up with study participants.Assist in data processing and entry.Perform basic analysis tasks on both qualitative and quantitative data and compile results.Produce visual representations of results and findings (tables, graphs, etc.).Assist with routine meeting logistics, take detailed minutes, organize project files, and track important project deadlines.Assist with project or Youth Development Program Area clerical tasks/administrative duties (e.g., expense reports, scheduling meetings, travel arrangements, and photocopying), when necessary.
RMA is seeking a Data Analyst to support our actuarial team. Strong knowledge of SAS and data-oriented programming is highly desired.

Under the direction of a Senior Actuary, this candidate will maintain, enhance, and build data processes for actuarial models, experience studies, and actuarial reports.

Candidates with a strong interest in applying their technical knowledge in a non-traditional environment are encouraged to apply.

Job Description:

Collaborate with key leaders to identify and meet information needs
Apply standardized actuarial techniques across all tasks
Develop, maintain, and analyze data inputs and outputs
Establish procedures and document them for internal use
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned
